Aj okta 1001521 xaas groups doc (#5673)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/anything-as-a-source/index.md

Once a bulk-load request is made, the identity source session transitions from `CREATED` to `IN_PROGRESS` status.

You can load up to 200 KB of data or up to 200 entities in a single bulk-load request for an identity source session. To load more data, make multiple bulk-load requests to the same session. The maximum number of bulk-load requests for a session is 50.

Create another identity source session object when you exhaust the maximum number of bulk-load requests and need to load more data. Keep in mind that you can only load data to an identity source session with the `CREATED` status.

> **Note:** Only `"importType": "INCREMENTAL"` is supported for an identity source session.

### Identity source data

You can load data about different entities to be added, changed, or deleted in Okta. The entities currently supported are [users](#user-data), [groups](#group-data), and [group memberships](#group-memberships-data).

#### User data

To load bulk users data, use `profiles`. The user `profiles` object is an array of user profile objects that contain attributes about the user.

Each user objects in the `profiles` array can contain the following:

> * `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific user). This determines if a new user needs to be created or if an existing user needs to be updated.

Reviewer: trying to avoid the past tense and the use the "be" verb.

> * `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific user). This determines if a new user needs to be created or if an existing user needs to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific user). This determines if the API needs to create a new user or update an existing user.
```

    > **Note:** All attributes in a `profile` object are treated as strings. Arrays aren’t supported.

Use the following endpoints to bulk-load users. Each endpoint also lists example payload requests and response bodies:

* [Upload the data to be upserted in Okta](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/IdentitySource/#tag/IdentitySource/operation/uploadIdentitySourceDataForUpsert)
* [Upload the data to be deleted in Okta](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/IdentitySource/#tag/IdentitySource/operation/uploadIdentitySourceDataForDelete)

#### Group data

To load bulk groups data, use `profiles`. The group `profiles` object is an array of pairs, with each pair listing the group's external ID and the group's `profile` that contain attributes about the group, but no membership data.

Each group objects in the `profiles` array can contain the following:

> * `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific group). This determines if a new group needs to be created or if an existing group needs to be updated.

Author: Same as before. You don't have to create the group, the API does, so I don't think the phrasing is correct?

> * `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific group). This determines if a new group needs to be created or if an existing group needs to be updated.

Reviewer: trying to avoid the use of past tense and the use of the "be" verb.
```suggestion
* `externalId`: The unique identifier from the HR source and is assumed to be immutable (never updated for a specific group). This determines if the API needs to create a new group or update an existing group.
```
